---
title: "lore"
date: 2025-02-10
draft: false  
---
i grew up in ahmedabad, a city where centuries of commerce still fuel the daily grind. childhood evenings were a mix of cricket and building stuff-  be it lego scorpion, clash royale bot or just some origami.

family dinners used to revolve around businesses, number crunching, pro - capitalistic talks. my dad and uncles used to run traditional businesses in different sectors - desi business mentors fr. first venture w my cousin - building a supply chain for an online firecracker shop. it was 11th grade. 

content bug bit very early and hard. started 2 youtube channels post jio release. covid hit - most of the time was spent on discord servers playing valorant or world of warships with internet friends. got introduced to internet money by a bunch of great folks who had started avalon meta. went hard-grind learning pr, ps, figma, running ads. started working with a uk based media company. worked with finnet and ggi during its early stage. 

took up a full time job to work on a web3 project. didn’t materialize, started building b2b partnerships for a deeptech company. moved to hedge fund - traded spreads and delta one commodity instruments.

outside work - i spend a lot of time moving - whether it's lifting, taking long walks in nature, or playing sports.

i live for beautiful spaces, walkable cities, good writing, nourishing food, coffee, potlucks, electric conversations, the sun, and house music!

i'd describe most of my friends as social technologists. they’re thoughtful, curious, benevolent, charming, have a bias for action, and they care about people. if that sounds like you, or if you resonate with anything on my website, please reach out :)

been chasing my curiosity ever since. always worked in illiquid careers but my delusion and a bit of arrogance says that eventually things will connect - dots will connect. until then, at ease - gentleman.
